Hey everyone, and thanks for dropping
back into the cryptoverse. This is
another episode of NFA Live. We have
taken a brief break for a little while,
but that was my fault as we had our
fifth child over here, so I have
I've been kind of MIA with some of these
early live streams. Um but I do want us
to get going again with NFA Live here,
and we have Guy from CoinBureau. How's
it going, Guy?
Good, thanks, Ben. Congratulations, and
also apologies for all the building
noise in the background. The neighbors
are having a pool installed. So, if if
you hear loud noises, that's that's what
that is. So, but yes, very well, thanks.
Good to see you again. Do you have an
open invitation to the pool once it's
done?
Um no, that we're still waiting for
that. We all we get to do is listen to
it being built, which is a joy.
>> I see.
>> Yeah.
Um and then we have Rob from Digital
Asset News. How's it going? And also,
Rob's dog. How's it going, Rob?
Oh, yeah. It's uh it's a green screen.
Yeah, doing pretty good.
Congratulations, Ben, on the baby number
five. You have a full basketball team.
That is fantastic news. We do.
We do.
Um so, we've got a few questions I'd
like to go through. Uh
and we'll just see kind of what you guys
think. The first one, we'll start with
Guy on.
Um any updates about the Clarity Act? I
mean, I, to be completely honest, live
under a rock. Don't really follow it. To
be completely honest, don't really care.
But,
there's a few people that do care. So,
what are your thoughts on the Clarity
Act? Um
have they made any progress recently, or
is it Is it just kind of this elusive
thing that's pushed further and further
back?
Um there has been progress on it, yes.
Um
there was uh so, it recently had a
markup in the Senate in the Senate
Banking Committee, which passed
15 to 9, I believe. Um so, they managed
to get a couple of Democrats on board.
Um I think one was
Oscar Brooks and I
another I think was the guy Gallego
maybe from Arizona.
Yeah, that sounds that sounds right. So
yes, so they had two Democrats
but they were very specific both of them
that those votes would not necessarily
translate to votes on the Senate floor.
So this was a markup so they were you
know they were basically
debating the contents of the final bill.
That has yet to be voted on full Senate
votes
and they would need quite a few
Democrats to to vote for it. The big
sticking point is ethics provisions.
Basically Democrats are very unlikely to
vote for the bill if there aren't
provisions in there that basically say
if you're a politician like for instance
oh I don't know the president
you can't
>> [laughter]
>> you can't
you can't profit directly from the
industry that you're
being expected to regulate
and you know this is slightly awkward
fact that the Trump family have made
billions from crypto since
you know since Trump reassumed office.
So there's that. That's a little tricky.
Now obviously if
if language if ethics language doesn't
go into the bill
>> [snorts]
>> into the final bill then Democ House
Democrats
Senate Democrats aren't going to vote
for it.
However,
Trump I think is also signaled that if
ethics language does go into the bill
then he won't he won't sign it Um, when
it lands on his if it lands on his desk.
Uh, so I think last I saw they were I
think sort of trying to get some sort of
work around that
inserted ethics language without
targeting the president personally. Uh,
that was as I understood it, uh, where
they were kind of standing on that.
So, uh, yes, what was interesting though
it was that progress was made. Um,
there is still this, I think the banks
are still sort of objecting to the
language around stablecoin yield. Um,
there was progress on that. It looked
like I think that they reached a
compromise whereby stablecoins could
offer yield on active balances. So, if
you were using say your USDC to go and
lend on Ave or, you know, do something
else in DeFi. If it was active, then
then the likes of Coinbase whatever
could pay yield on it. Um, but not on
passive balances. So, if you were just
holding stablecoins and not doing
anything, uh, then they wouldn't be able
to earn a yield. That was I think the
compromise that they were sort of
reaching towards, but I think the banks
have kind of still got cold feet on
that.
So, that's a sticking point. But really,
um,
the the big problem is that, you know,
uh, the ti- time is kind of running out.
Um, there's the August recess coming up.
Um, the White House wants the bill
signed on the 4th of July to to coincide
with the 250th anniversary of um, of the
United States.
Um, and then obviously after the August
recess, it's all about the midterms. And
of course the midterms could mean that
they will probably mean that the
composition of the Senate changes
dramatically. So, progress has been
made. I'm really sorry about the noise
in the background, by the way. Um, but
um,
I think it's going to be really tight.
Um, I think the I think the last time I
looked at the odds on Polymarket were
quite good. Sort of 68 70% I think.
But
>> [music]
>> yeah, I think time is the real factor
here. So yeah, it's it's it's close, but
they've still got a way to go.
I'm still old enough to remember
like 5 months ago when people were
saying the Clarity Act would be the
reason we wouldn't have a bear market,
you know, and
we were over here saying, well, maybe
the Clarity Act doesn't pass as quickly
as people think cuz back then people
thought it was going to pass like in
January or something, you know, and and
now we're almost halfway through 2026
and it looks like it keeps getting
pushed further and further out. It would
be kind of funny if it
maybe funny's not the right word, but it
would be interesting. Maybe it'll pass
in in Q4, which is when Bitcoin should
potentially
find a lot. I mean, that'd be kind of
interesting. But Rob, what do you think?
I mean, are you
are you seeing what guy is seeing with
the Clarity Act?
Well, first of all, I know I like I was
looking at the comment section. People
are saying that they hearing the
drilling. I cannot hear the drilling.
Maybe it's that because people have the
headphones on, but I can't hear
anything.
The second thing is is I I I definitely
hear it. You can hear it. Maybe your
maybe your speakers are better. You guys
got to have crappier speakers. That's
that's that's the trick. So I will just
say like this. I don't know if guy had
great great information. It's a sad
situation we have we have in the United
States where all we're asking for is the
president of the United States to not
profit off the backs
of a free industry. And not only that,
we have a we have a current
administration. And before anybody says
like, ah, Rob's a hater. Look,
we just got rug pulled. Not just we've
been being being rug pulled for the
Melania coin, Trump coin, and then World
Liberty Financial. I don't know what the
hell's going on with that, but just ask
Justin Sun. He just got sued.
So like this is a sad day, I think, in
America where all we're asking for is
the president not to profit off the
backs of this industry
to get it to pass. And it's And it's uh
it's depressing, quite honestly.
And you can tell I'm not in a good mood
already, but I'm just saying that like
this is
trash.
And that's all I have to say.
It turns out being pro-crypto and pro,
how can I extract as much out of crypto,
are two very different things. And in
here is very very quickly learning that.
Um
All right. So, next question, Rob, I
will start with you cuz I know this is
on a kind of a question you often ask
every every year.
Uh are we at sell in May and go away? Is
that a Is that going to hit this time? I
mean, I know it doesn't work every year,
right? Like every There are some years
where crypto has done well in in the
summer months. Um
But what do you think about this year?
Like is Are we going to be looking back
and be like, yeah, maybe that made some
sense? Or is this time different for the
midterm years?
I think the thing that makes sense is
just to take profits along the way. And
I know people right now are saying,
what's What's this profits you speak of?
Cuz I've never heard of that. But yeah,
you you have been. If you've been If
you've been buying Bitcoin as it's hit
its low at 59,000 just a couple of
months ago or if you've been investing
into some other things like Like I
invest into Tron because I have a thesis
that there is payments of USDC and
Tether. And some of those girls are
going to work out pretty well. Tron's up
over 30% over the last year.
So,
maybe at this point you probably want to
take a little bit of profits, not
financial advice, because I just see
some issues coming up. And we just
indicted
uh uh Cubans
or Cuba
uh for their Who was it? Uh Castro, Raul
Castro, was was indicted just like we
indicted the president of Venezuela. So,
just look for Cuba to get a little taste
of freedom coming up pretty soon. And
then we have those geopolitical issues.
We've got Kevin Warsh coming in and
we're going to get into a question about
probably raising maybe raising rates
coming in there. And then of course,
this Clarity Act. I personally don't
think it's going to pass.
Uh I've been proven wrong many a time
back in the day. So, if that happens and
we have all these things, I would say
that this is an opportunity to maybe
take some profits and just go, well, at
least I have something like this. Me
personally, I'm more
uh on a bullish stance as far as like
electricity and infrastructure for AI. I
think that is a an industry that uh
really should be taken a hard look at.
And it's not just about, you know,
investing and and and going into Bitcoin
and never selling. Uh just take a, you
know, Michael Saylor's advice. You can
say, I'm never going to sell, but then
later say, oh, you know what? Uh don't
be a net zero seller. Uh be positive
seller. Okay, well, you should have said
that, you know, years ago.
But uh yeah, that's where I see things.
I'm taking profits. I've already done
it. And uh we'll see how it goes out uh
for the rest of the year.
Instead of taking profits along the way,
maybe tax loss harvesting along the way.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, you can also do that. It's a good
point.
>> Yeah.
Um
Guy, what do you think? I mean, uh
probably I mean, Bitcoin's actually been
up a lot the last few months, right? I
mean, ever since February, it's been
kind of trending higher.
Um it's down a little bit recently. Is
this, you know, do you think we're we're
kind of due for another correction going
into the into the summer months? Um what
do you what do you think's going to
happen?
Well, I think a I think a correction is
probably very likely if the Clarity Act
really peters out because I think a
quite a lot of hopes are being pinned on
that. So, if that if that fails, then I
would imagine then my best guess would
be that we we we would see a correction
on that. Um and yeah, I'm not
particularly confident that they're
going to be able to get it over the line
as we were talking about earlier. But I
guess I mean I've I've taken some
profits on
on hyperliquid just recently. I
been selling over the past few days.
I've been selling some hype cuz that's
one of the few
few crypto projects that's been that's
been very strong. I mean although to be
fair, there have been there have been a
number of cryptos that have actually
done fairly well recently. Hype is one,
Zcash is another. Um Venice token is
another that that's well not quite come
out of nowhere, but it's been performing
really well and has you know actual
fundamentals.
So
crypto the crypto market isn't quite as
moribund if you like as it as it was
fairly recently. You know, there is
stuff there. There are there are profits
to be made. Um
But yeah, like I say, I think probably
get a correction if if clarity doesn't
pass. And if you are you know, if you
need to take profits, if you have things
that you have to pay for, um then you
know, it's it's probably it's probably
as good an opportunity as any perhaps.
But uh if you don't, then I think
there's a strong case for for holding on
and seeing seeing what happens with
clarity and and the market in general.
Yeah.
Fair enough.
Um
Yeah, I wonder
I I kind of wonder about this whole
clarity thing cuz I I mean I it just
every single time I look at it, it just
keeps getting pushed further and further
back. And I have a feeling it's going to
still be kind of hanging over our heads
even around the midterms. Um in fact, I
almost wonder if it's going to be used
for leverage in some way, you know,
around the midterms.
Um but we'll see.
So so the next thing I want to talk
about is inflation because you know, and
and I know Guy just mentioned a few
altcoins.
Um
and and he's right. Like those there's a
there's been a few alts doing pretty
well, but everyone should remember that
and and he said he's taking profits.
Why? Because every year there's a few
altcoins that outperform and then the
next year
no one
remembers that they did anything the
year before, right? We We saw Solana
outperform in 2023, we saw XRP 2024,
Ethereum in early 2025. Now it's kind of
moved over to some of the privacy stuff
and whatnot, but the point is is
uh you know, there's a good chance they
will eventually bleed to Bitcoin and one
of the things that historically has
caused that is tighter monetary policy.
Um as higher-risk assets bleed to
lower-risk assets. So, Rob, what what do
you think here is going on with
inflation? Because I mean it it kind of
looks like inflation's heading back up
and ever since that started, we've
started to see the altcoin market and
and Bitcoin, too,
kind of start to show a little bit of
weakness. What do you think, Rob?
Yeah, I think well, I mean, we have to
understand that the reason I think the
primary reason because of this is oil
prices.
And oil is the fundamental underlying
issue for everything. If you want to
ship
any kind of goods around the United
States or the world, you need oil. And
unfortunately, oil is still going up
because of the geopolitical issues that
is the Strait of Hormuz.
So, for those issues that are happening,
uh we're going to see
I mean, as
until there's a resolution, we're going
to see higher higher prices. And that's
just going to have to be it. So, that
So, the question then comes down to,
okay, well, if we have higher and higher
prices and we start to raise rates, is
that really going to do a a big huge
issue for us as far as like bringing
things down?
Uh I I understand that, you know, we can
only print so much and then, you know,
inflation goes through the roof. But I
take a look at this, I don't think
anything really gets resolved until, you
know, oil starts to get figured out. And
without that, we got a lot of problems.
And then, I I know we're going to talk
about this as far as like rate hikes,
but um
if
if we start to talk about rate hikes to
deal with the inflation, and we don't
deal with the underlying issue, I mean,
we can have some type of point with
that, but I think with
with Kevin Warsh coming in, being the
new Fed Reserve chair, he's he's made a
very good point, which is we've used
data, the Federal Reserve has used data
from a long from just these outdated
factors. What if we get data that we
could pull in in real time? Say like
with Trueflation and things like that,
or maybe they just use Ben's website
into the cryptoverse, and they just get
like real real data instead of like
surveys that uh they just, you know,
take a look at 800 people and say,
"Okay, that's where it actually is." If
we start to get data like that,
maybe the inflation isn't as bad as we
thought it was, or maybe it's even
worse, because if we start to get data
that's uh comes in and just flows in
from like millions of different data
points
from And we'll talk about real estate in
a bit.
And it comes in, and it's like, "Hey,
you know, that's uh
you know, these surveys,
they can get only tell us so much, but
we've just pulled it from like, you
know, 500,000, a million different data
points, and we found out that the uh the
rates for for rent is actually sky-high.
Oopsie. Well, now we got to do something
with that." And now now we're going to
start to really talk about rate. So,
like for me, I think it's just all over
the place. I am interested to see how
Kevin Warsh uses this as far as like
real data points instead of like some
surveys that are outdated. And uh how
bad or how good it can actually go. I
will say though, the reason why he got
this job,
going back to to to Guy's point, is
because
he met with the president, and
essentially, he's And he he said
publicly he's not going to do this, but
the president wants one and one thing,
lower rates.
So, it's going to it'd be interesting to
see if he actually does the bidding or
if he goes with the data.
So, that's where that's where we're at.
Guy, do you think rate hikes are coming?
I mean, cuz
for a long time Powell said that he
thinks the next move will not be a rate
hike. But, with Powell, you know, with
Kevin Warsh coming in and being the
chair, and also this spike in energy,
you start to wonder if the next move
is is a rate hike. What do you think?
Yeah, well, from what I've been reading
in the news over the past few days, I
get the very strong impression that the
effects of the whole news crisis, the
effects of the Iran war, have not yet
really been felt, but they're about to
hit us. And that's and that is going to
translate into shortages of everything
because so far I mean, I know gas prices
above I think $5 now in the US.
Um I mean, they're climbing everywhere.
But, so far I think most countries, the
US in particular, but plenty of others
have been basically burning through
their reserves, you know, the SPR in in
your case.
Um but, from what I've been reading,
those reserves are are running out. The
strait isn't still is still closed. Um
you know, the flows of the flows have
been really choked off.
So,
it looks like uh we're going to very
very shortly feel the effects of a real
shortage, um
not just of oil, but of petroleum
products, you know, things like naphtha,
things like fertilizer. Um and yeah,
like I say, I've been seeing a lot of
talk about that in in the media recently
that those shortages are about to hit
us, which means obviously
a spike in inflation is is very likely.
And you know, as we've said many times
before, inflation is is really the the
worst-case scenario. If inflation starts
to run away,
you're really screwed. And I think
probably Kevin Warsh will be quite aware
coming in as Fed chair replacing Jerome
Powell. I wouldn't be surprised if the
two of them talked a lot but I mean what
is the what is the stick that we've
beaten Jerome Powell with for the past
few years? You know, the the real blot
on his record that everyone always
brings up was that he said around the
time of the pandemic inflation is
transitory. We never let him forget it.
And I imagine Kevin Warsh, he's coming
in, he's facing what might be a similar
crisis
in terms of in terms of inflation
threatening to get to get out of
control. He won't want to do what Powell
did. He won't want to underestimate
inflation and its effects
at the start of his tenure. So
my guess is that inflation is going to
spike because of these shortages really
starting to bite because of reserves
running out and the only option then
is is to raise rates I think. And okay,
Trump isn't going to like that but you
know
Trump
Trump sort of
started this started this whole thing
with Iran that has led to Hormuz
closing. So he's got no one to blame but
himself really.
Yeah, it's like shooting yourself in the
foot basically, right? Like
screaming that they have to lower rates
but then doing everything in his power
to make sure they can't lower rates.
Yeah. It's it's hard to think of what he
could have done to
>> [laughter]
>> to to raise inflation more than than
starting a war in the Middle East. Like
it's it's
>> all the tariffs, and the tariffs, too.
>> And the tariffs, yeah. Just artificially
inflating prices that didn't actually
have to happen.
Um
again, like people can debate whether
they've been good or not, but I mean,
tariffs do lead to higher prices, and
um
higher gas prices. And by the way, I
mean, with higher gas prices, it's one
of those things that it takes time for
the for it to kind of filter through to
the where the consumer feels it, right?
Like, maybe for a few months they can
pay the higher gas prices, but after
they've been paying it for months and
months and months and months, then
eventually you start to see um stresses
kind of appear.
Uh and and that's where business cycles
can can turn. If you guys have any
questions, uh put them down in the
comment section below. Uh we've already
been going about 21 minutes, and we're
we're trying to keep these at around 30
minutes, just to make them short and
sweet, not go on too long. Last question
I had though is is for Rob.
Rob, give me the update on on real
estate. And how how would real estate
Because I mean, we know real estate is
is not just affected by the short end I
mean, it's not affected by short-term
rates, it's affected by long-term rates.
And
long-term rates are going up, right? I
mean,
how's that affecting the real estate
market?
So, I mean,
the real estate market is it just
depends on where you're actually at
right now. Like, there's a lot of
there's there's pockets where I mean,
just take a look at Florida. So, like,
everybody wants to move there.
Uh there's for some different various
reasons, which I'm sure everybody can
take a look at. But, what I look at is
like, I'm not buying any more properties
right at this point because it doesn't
make any sense. The rates are going up.
I think they're above six six and six
and a quarter, six and three quarters.
So, for us, it doesn't make a lot of
sense. And then, people's prices in
certain areas are just still kind of
sky-high. The big thing that I we look
at is like, how's things doing with
because we do a a of short-term rentals.
And the short-term rentals
pretty much gives you a good story of do
people have enough money to travel and
take vacations? And how much is it
sliding down? And I thought that at this
point we would see a lowering
cuz of the different properties we have
in in Puerto Rico
and Texas. And so far we've been full.
So things are going pretty good in that
situation. However, there's a low season
coming down which is you know, coming up
in Puerto Rico. Texas is opposite. And
we've seen a little bit of a of a
decline even more so for slow season. So
I think that at some point like you guys
talked about, gas is going up, prices
are going up. Someone said milk is $5 a
gallon, things like that. That all is
cumulative and it hits people and at
some point they're not going to be able
to take vacations and go out and things
like that. And that's where everything
gets affected. So as far as markets go,
people aren't really I don't see a lot
of people buying. I see a lot of people
selling. And I don't know if there's
that many buyers. But again, it all
depends on where you're at and where you
live.
Yeah, we don't really have a lot of
questions coming in. I mean it it really
is just an apathetic time in the in the
crypto industry, which is interesting
cuz it's a very euphoric time in the AI
market, right?
You know, everything but you could you
could almost argue that so long as the
AI AI hype continues, you could argue
that in the short term it's still a
negative thing for crypto because the
the sort of the thinking behind it is
that the AI stocks are kind of
elevating the rest of the market and
allowing it or making it so you know,
asset prices remain elevated and there's
not really a reason to cut rates if if
the markets are still strong. So it's
the same thing with how Bitcoin and
altcoins played out. How Bitcoin
elevated the altcoin market for a long
time, but then when Bitcoin finally
entered into a bear market it exposed
the altcoins weakness. Um
All right, we have a few questions
though.
Uh
Let's see.
First question is
um
Have you all looked at the five-year and
30-year bond yields? Yeah, I mean
they're going higher and I I think
they're actually near where they were in
October 2023. The 30-year might have
actually gone above where it was in
2023. Which again, there is an argument,
like what if we're just going into a
period where
rates just are going higher, you know? I
mean we were in a period for 30 or 40
years where they went lower. Maybe that
the tide has turned on that and and when
that kind of stuff happens, you got to
believe that the riskier assets, the
zombie companies, are the ones that are
going to feel it the hardest. Um
Yeah, but isn't isn't isn't that
actually a blessing? I mean for some of
these companies just to go away and some
of these altcoins to go away and some of
these different stocks to kind of
collapse and it kind of filter into it.
And then the and then the big thing
about like sell in May and go away, what
if we are setting up ourselves for a
crash? And what if you don't have any
dry powder on the side? There was a
there was a phrase by Dalio. He says,
"Cash is trash until there's a crash."
And I keep thinking about that,
especially as we start to see like these
inflation and and talks about the
30-year bonds or yields. It's it makes
you think.
Yeah, I mean for sure. And I mean a lot
of times in midterm years, cash is king
over crypto. It's not always king over
everything else, like energy stocks do
well typically in midterm years. Even
the S&P like sometimes has good midterm
years. But crypto is allergic to midterm
years and you know, cash cash has often
been a pretty good play over crypto at
least until the fourth quarter of of the
midterm year.
Um
Here's a question, will gold outperform
Bitcoin this year? I mean it already has
been. My my guess is that it will
continue to. Um
Maybe a couple more questions.
Uh
Anything else?
Um Gold Gold still has that very strong
central bank narrative, I think. You
know, it it kind of it kind of ran out
of steam a bit. There was a lot of
selling of gold, wasn't there? I think
Turkey was one of the countries selling
gold to defend its currency. So, that
sort of that crazy run that gold was on
um ran out of steam, but I think, you
know, that that central banks are still
buying it in in significant quantities.
So, I don't see why gold couldn't
outperform Bitcoin.
Well, yeah. I mean, I I'll say to you,
there's a chance. I mean, a lot of times
in midterm years, gold bottoms around
the summer and then starts heading back
up. So, imagine if
gold goes up in the second half of the
year and Bitcoin goes down. Um and
that's kind of how it often plays out in
midterm years, and you could easily have
Bitcoin selling off against against
gold, and
you know, I think Bitcoin would have to
drop 40% against gold to go back to
where it was in 2022. That might sound
crazy, but I mean, most everything else
in crypto has already done that. Bitcoin
is just like one of the few things
that's been able to hold out, and
probably because it's the strongest
asset within the cryptoverse. Um
Someone says, "Is energy topped out?" I
don't think so. And the reason I say
that is because normally in business
cycles, energy tops out well after the
stock market, sometimes 6 months to 12
months later. Uh in 2000, stocks topped
in March of 2000, and energy didn't top
until like May of 2001. In 2007, stocks
topped topped in October of 2007, and
then energy didn't top until like May of
2008 or something. Uh maybe June. So, I
would say as long as the stock market
keeps putting in new all-time highs,
there's a good chance energy will go
higher because our energy demands will
likely only increase until we're
actually in a recession, and I don't
think we're in one right now, so
um I think there's there's chance energy
will
likely go higher. Um
All right.
>> I mean
And the one one thing lastly if if if
people are they just can't get out of
the crypto mindset and they you know
they have to get into that uh why don't
you just do a parlay and just get invest
into Bitcoin miners cuz they're doing
both. They're doing Bitcoin mining and
they're freeing up everything for AI.
And the reason why they're freeing up
everything for AI is because they have
access to power. So it's like everything
we just talked about all in one.
It's kind of a sobering reality to
realize that all the Bitcoin miners that
are doing well are just the ones that
pivoted AI.
>> [laughter]
>> Um
I mean if we're being honest, right?
Uh
when will meme coins die? Hopefully
today, but that's not
if if I had it my way that would be
today. Um
I don't know. No one really knows. I
mean I think like I I I remember back in
2013 being like all right like these
things need to die and here we are 12
years 13 years later and and they still
exist. So
um who knows? But I will say that the
more of them that do die
the the the better chance we could go
into a bull market at some point because
a lot of the issues that we're having in
the crypto space is just a
massive misallocation of capital
into stuff that shouldn't be you know
that shouldn't deserve anyone's
attention. Um I mean it's kind of
painful. It was very painful when Trump
launched a meme coin and it's like why
can't everyone else in the world see
that this is just like a cash cow? Like
why is it why does it seem like a
such a crazy thought and then people
pile in and then they complain about it
a year later. It's like what what else
did you expect?
You know?
Um
I don't know. Like I I I hope that we
can get to a market where people can
think critically about some of these
things and if someone launches a meme
coin they just get rebuked for it and
not praised for for doing it.
Um
All right.
We'll wrap it up there. It's been 30
minutes. Thank you guys for tuning in.
If If not subscribed, uh make sure you
subscribe to both Guy and Rob's channel.
I believe next week we will be on Rob's
channel and then the week after uh to
Guy's channel. Links to their channels
are in the description below and I will
see you guys next time. Bye.
Bye, everybody.
See you.
>> Adios.